A. GOOGLE HACKING 
1. USING Search Operators and Commands 
In this we will look various operators and commands you can apply to hack into sensitive 
data available on the internet using the Google search engine. 
i. Operators and commands: 
• Specific Site: This operator is used to search for a specific 
site. Example: site: name of the website. 
• Specific URL: This operator is used to search for a specific keyword in the URL of 
the website. 
Example: inurl: specified keyword 
• Specific text in the title: This operator is used to search for data in reference to its 
title keyword. 
Example: intitle: required keyword 
• Specific text: This operator searches for specific content on the 
internet. Example: intext: required keyword 
• Specific filetype: This operator searches for a specific file type available on the 
internet. 
Example: filetype: pdf,doc, log, etc. 
• Specific keyword: This operator is used to search for specific data on the internet. 
Example: “search keyword”
• Excluding Specific keyword: This operator is used to search for data, excluding the 
specified content mentioned with the operator. 
Example: cyber security -site: wikipedia.org 
ii. OR & AND operator: These operators are combined with other search strings 
to give out more efficient search results. Example: “river” AND “cap” 

iii. Advanced Operators and Combinations 
 
• To filter our search results to maximum efficiency, you require advanced operators 
and a combination of multiple operators. 
• But to avoid typing the operators and combinations each time to search for 
information, you can refer to the Google Hacking Database. The Google Hacking 
Database is a database with hundreds of combinations of multiple operators and 
advanced operators. 
• Webcam/Camera Feeds: By applying this search string, you can access open/public 
 • [Specific keyword] filetype of file: By combining two operators, you can filter 
search results further. 
Search String: amazon.com filetype:pdf 
• Searching for Log files: You can access log-type files available on the internet 
using the following search string. This String can be used to access public 
passwords. 
Search String: filetype: log 
 
 
 B. WHOIS ENUMERATION 
If we google Whois Lookup, we will see a lot of websites providing the services, so we 
are going to use http://whois.domaintools.com, and enter our target domain name as 
kalilinux.com, and press Search button as shown in the following screenshot:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
